{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 The freeCodeCamp Forum.2019.HTML form > JS > page/redirect [Online] . Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://forum.freecodecamp.org/t/html-form-js-page-redirect/297222/8 }}{\fldrslt{https://forum.freecodecamp.org/t/html-form-js-page-redirect/297222/8\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed:21 January , 2024).\par
\par
Travery Media.2017.Simple JavaScript Slideshow In 5 Minutes .YouTube video, added by Travery. [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/4YQ4svkETS0?si=L2NTwgzAQg8sQJMj }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/4YQ4svkETS0?si=L2NTwgzAQg8sQJMj\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed 20 January 2024)\par
\par
iStock.2000 .Stock images, royalty-free images, illustrations, vectors and videos - istockphoto.com. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed:19 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000. Two Asian business entrepreneurs attended a floral jamming workshop, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/asian-entrepreneurs-embrace-sustainable-hobbies-at-floral-jamming-workshop-gm1782083189-546943601 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/asian-entrepreneurs-embrace-sustainable-hobbies-at-floral-jamming-workshop-gm1782083189-546943601\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 15 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000.Group of business persons shaking hands in the office . [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/meeting-the-new-business-partner-gm1455167765-490585341 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/meeting-the-new-business-partner-gm1455167765-490585341\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 15 January 2024).\par
\par
 Looka.com.2016. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://looka.com/blog/facebook-logo/ }}{\fldrslt{https://looka.com/blog/facebook-logo/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 16 January 2024).\par
\par
Freepik.2010.Instagram Logo - Free Vectors & PSDs to download. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.freepik.com/free-photos-vectors/instagram-logo }}{\fldrslt{https://www.freepik.com/free-photos-vectors/instagram-logo\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 16 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000. Oleh_Slobodeniuk. Cheerful young woman traveling with Thai taxi boat and photographing, . Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/cheerful-woman-traveling-with-thai-taxi-boat-and-photographing-with-point-and-shoot-gm1477838822-506257179 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/cheerful-woman-traveling-with-thai-taxi-boat-and-photographing-with-point-and-shoot-gm1477838822-506257179\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 15 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock. 2000. Portrait of beautiful black woman with smooth skin on white background, [Online] .Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/mooie-zwarte-met-vlotte-huid-op-witte-achtergrond-gm1320137491-406793885 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/mooie-zwarte-met-vlotte-huid-op-witte-achtergrond-gm1320137491-406793885\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 15 January  2024).\par
\par
iStock. 2000.Maneerat, N. Back view Asian woman tourist backpacker travel in Khao San road, [Online] Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/back-view-aziatische-vrouw-toeristische-backpacker-reizen-in-khao-san-road-bangkok-gm1132442986-300201664 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/back-view-aziatische-vrouw-toeristische-backpacker-reizen-in-khao-san-road-bangkok-gm1132442986-300201664\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 15 January 2024).\par
\par
istock.2000.simon Two Asian business entrepreneurs attended a floral jamming workshop, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/asian-entrepreneurs-embrace-sustainable-hobbies-at-floral-jamming-workshop-gm1782083189-546943601 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/asian-entrepreneurs-embrace-sustainable-hobbies-at-floral-jamming-workshop-gm1782083189-546943601\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 15 January 2024).\par
\par
 The Chronicle of Evidence-Based Mentoring, 2023.16 May.\ldblquote 3 simple yet powerful ways to build relationships with your students,\rdblquote  The Chronicle of Evidence-Based Mentoring - Sharing new research, ideas, and best practices in youth mentoring. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.evidencebasedmentoring.org/3-simple-yet-powerful-ways-to-build-relationships-with-your-students/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.evidencebasedmentoring.org/3-simple-yet-powerful-ways-to-build-relationships-with-your-students/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 14 January 2024).\par
\par
Loon ontvangen uit een stichting (2024) KVK.[Online] Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.kvk.nl/wetten-en-regels/loon-ontvangen-uit-een-stichting/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.kvk.nl/wetten-en-regels/loon-ontvangen-uit-een-stichting/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 14 January 2024).\par
\par
istock.2000.Beach and twelve apostles mountain in camps bay near cape town in,[Online] . Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/twelve-apostles-mountain-in-camps-bay-cape-town-south-africa-gm477451698-67195193?phrase=cape+town&searchscope=image%2Cfilm }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/twelve-apostles-mountain-in-camps-bay-cape-town-south-africa-gm477451698-67195193?phrase=cape+town&searchscope=image%2Cfilm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 14 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000. Office portrait, laptop and business man, web designer or creative, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/office-portrait-laptop-and-business-man-web-designer-or-creative-agency-worker-in-gm1502277577-522648393?phrase=africa+creative+agency&searchscope=image%2Cfilm }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/office-portrait-laptop-and-business-man-web-designer-or-creative-agency-worker-in-gm1502277577-522648393?phrase=africa+creative+agency&searchscope=image%2Cfilm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 14 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000. Two happy people having fun on the beach, sitting on blue sunbed with, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/two-happy-people-having-fun-on-the-beach-sitting-on-blue-sunbed-with-hands-raised-up-gm1458771594-493283688 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/two-happy-people-having-fun-on-the-beach-sitting-on-blue-sunbed-with-hands-raised-up-gm1458771594-493283688\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000.Manager in travel agency giving tickets to couple. Consultant in , [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/manager-in-reisbureau-tickets-geven-paar-gm1035026448-277112885 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/manager-in-reisbureau-tickets-geven-paar-gm1035026448-277112885\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000. Photo of female travel guide and her group on the bicycles through, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/travel-guide-and-her-group-on-the-bicycles-through-the-town-gm1337842589-418607182?phrase=women+cycling+in+copenhagen&searchscope=image%2Cfilm }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/travel-guide-and-her-group-on-the-bicycles-through-the-town-gm1337842589-418607182?phrase=women+cycling+in+copenhagen&searchscope=image%2Cfilm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000.Daughter and father enjoy on the ferry boat deck in sunny day, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/girl-traveling-by-ship-with-her-father-and-looking-seagull-gm1416468761-464263222?phrase=istanbul+ferry&searchscope=image%2Cfilm }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/girl-traveling-by-ship-with-her-father-and-looking-seagull-gm1416468761-464263222?phrase=istanbul+ferry&searchscope=image%2Cfilm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000.Travel agent with young female customer looking travel brochure at, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/its-time-to-plan-next-trip-gm1452988364-489136088 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/its-time-to-plan-next-trip-gm1452988364-489136088\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000. Political map of World with dots instead of small states. Blank map, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/vector/politieke-kaart-van-de-wereld-met-puntjes-in-plaats-van-de-kleine-landen-lege-kaart-gm948019550-258837724 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/vector/politieke-kaart-van-de-wereld-met-puntjes-in-plaats-van-de-kleine-landen-lege-kaart-gm948019550-258837724\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000. Woman, makeup and skincare in dark studio for beauty, cosmetics or, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/woman-makeup-and-skincare-in-dark-studio-for-beauty-cosmetics-or-self-love-with-light-gm1470793005-501543941 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/woman-makeup-and-skincare-in-dark-studio-for-beauty-cosmetics-or-self-love-with-light-gm1470793005-501543941\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000. Business woman, manager or Human Resources portrait for career, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/business-woman-manager-or-human-resources-portrait-for-career-success-company-we-are-gm1437816897-478501891 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/business-woman-manager-or-human-resources-portrait-for-career-success-company-we-are-gm1437816897-478501891\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000. Multicolored wire head emitting particles, CGI, selective focus, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/intelligentie-kunstmatig-gm1318426206-405558786 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/intelligentie-kunstmatig-gm1318426206-405558786\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000. Teenagers walking by the Bristol Temple Meads railroad station. Shot, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/teenagers-walking-with-by-the-bristol-temple-meads-railroad-station-gm1782164802-546954191?phrase=tourist }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/teenagers-walking-with-by-the-bristol-temple-meads-railroad-station-gm1782164802-546954191?phrase=tourist\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000. Bali, Indonesia, traveler on tree house at Diamond Beach in Nusa, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/bali-indonesi%C3%AB-traveler-on-tree-house-bij-diamond-beach-op-het-eiland-nusa-penida-gm1186175170-334585557?phrase=tourist }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/bali-indonesi%C3%AB-traveler-on-tree-house-bij-diamond-beach-op-het-eiland-nusa-penida-gm1186175170-334585557?phrase=tourist\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000.Airport Waiting Area With Luggages, Empty Seats And Blurred Background ,[Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/airport-waiting-area-with-luggages-empty-seats-and-blurred-background-gm1477997501-506377850?phrase=tourist+agency&searchscope=image%2Cfilm }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/airport-waiting-area-with-luggages-empty-seats-and-blurred-background-gm1477997501-506377850?phrase=tourist+agency&searchscope=image%2Cfilm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000. Two people, man in modern travel agency talking with female travel, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/man-going-on-summer-vacation-gm1338055819-418769193?phrase=tourist+agency&searchscope=image%2Cfilm }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/man-going-on-summer-vacation-gm1338055819-418769193?phrase=tourist+agency&searchscope=image%2Cfilm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000. Business auditor working with financial documents in office, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/zakelijke-accountant-werken-met-financi%C3%ABle-documenten-in-office-gm1096048214-294272511 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/zakelijke-accountant-werken-met-financi%C3%ABle-documenten-in-office-gm1096048214-294272511\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000. Las Vegas during the night, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/las-vegas-gm1156710336-315356816?phrase=las+vegas }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/las-vegas-gm1156710336-315356816?phrase=las+vegas\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000. Machu Picchu, Peru. UNESCO world heritage site. One of the new seven, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/machu-picchu-peru-gm930824730-255171269 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/machu-picchu-peru-gm930824730-255171269\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 14 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000. Great Wall of China, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/great-wall-of-china-gm547042068-98776097 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/great-wall-of-china-gm547042068-98776097\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000.View of Colosseum in Rome and morning sun, Italy, Europe.[Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/colosseum-in-rome-and-morning-sun-italy-gm539115110-96048731 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/colosseum-in-rome-and-morning-sun-italy-gm539115110-96048731\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000. The Sphinx by the Pyramids of Giza in the desert of Egypt, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/the-sphinx-by-the-pyramids-of-giza-in-the-desert-of-egypt-gm1434687699-476238117 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/the-sphinx-by-the-pyramids-of-giza-in-the-desert-of-egypt-gm1434687699-476238117\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
iStock.2000.A panoramic view of the Dubai city skyline with the Burj Khalifa , [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/city-lights-in-dubai-at-sunset-gm183371461-15310583?phrase=Stylized+aerial+view+of+Dubai+City }}{\fldrslt{https://www.istockphoto.com/nl/foto/city-lights-in-dubai-at-sunset-gm183371461-15310583?phrase=Stylized+aerial+view+of+Dubai+City\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 14 January 2024).\par
\par
W3schools.com.1998.HTML symbols,[Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_symbols.asp }}{\fldrslt{https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_symbols.asp\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
W3schools.com.1998.tag tr, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_tr.asp }}{\fldrslt{https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_tr.asp\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
W3schools.com.1998.HTML, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp }}{\fldrslt{https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
W3schools.com.1998.How to js lightbox.asp, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_lightbox.asp }}{\fldrslt{https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_lightbox.asp\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 12 January 2024).\par
\par
W3schools.com.1998.w3css, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.w3schools.com/w3css/default.asp }}{\fldrslt{https://www.w3schools.com/w3css/default.asp\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 12 January 2024).\par
\par
W3schools.com.1998.tag button, [Online]. Available at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_button.asp }}{\fldrslt{https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_button.asp\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
\lang1033 CODE For Facebook:\lang9  Samuel Darwin. 29/09/2021.HTML facebook links [Source Code]. \lang1033  \lang9  {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://linkdoctor.io/add-facebook-link-to-website/ }}{\fldrslt{https://linkdoctor.io/add-facebook-link-to-website/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22   (Accessed 15 January 2024)\par
\lang1033\par
CODE For instgram:\lang9  Samuel Darwin. 29/09/2021.HTML facebook links [Source Code]. \lang1033  \lang9  {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://linkdoctor.io/add-facebook-link-to-website/ }}{\fldrslt{https://linkdoctor.io/add-facebook-link-to-website/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22   (Accessed 15 January 2024)\par
\lang1033\par
CODE For Twitter:\lang9  Samuel Darwin. 29/09/2021.HTML facebook links [Source Code]. \lang1033  \lang9  {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://linkdoctor.io/add-facebook-link-to-website/ }}{\fldrslt{https://linkdoctor.io/add-facebook-link-to-website/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22   (Accessed 15 January 2024)\par
\par
W3schools.com.1998.tags default,[Online]. Available at: {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.w3schools.com/tags/default.asp }}{\fldrslt{https://www.w3schools.com/tags/default.asp\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\lang1033  \lang9 (Accessed: 13 January 2024).\par
\par
\lang1033\par
\par
\lang9\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 